my cinema speak that says it all if I
have changed the lens to take a picture
the most amazing thing is related
closeness and quietness with which
they're here anything you can face them
it's very very unique it's precious
smokiness to see you know just relax
sitting in negative this is the best
sight I've ever seen
Sambora is one of the few places in the
world where people can be this close to
elephants
but they're trusting nature can also
leave them vulnerable when they move
beyond the reserve
Frank gets a call from the community
Rangers three perhaps for alleged
poachers were spotted and they ran from
their bear camp
they fit the profiles for young guys
they've got a sack with lots of stuff in
it so we're just going to go and see if
we can help the search from the air
Frank has been joined by a sergeant from
the Kenya Wildlife Service
so no nakama to gender you are a
Virginian our there for you
the rest of the anti-poaching team are
searching on the ground fighting
poachers is dangerous
in the last 12 months over 20 Rangers
have been killed in Africa the Saba is
worried some cases airplanes are being
shot at in the past but no one has be
careful
I worry about Frank I worry about Chris
Laird is more who's our Ranger I worry
about one of them because you know
they're out there they're right on the
front line and there'd been many
occasions where they've had very close
contact with poachers they've been in
the sights of their guns
the poachers have been scared off but
the Rangers will remain on the full
alert the search also yields some
unexpected results 40 elephants there
not far from camp but there on the other
side of the river
this is valuable information for Subba
and her team
you